#What Is JSX?
JSX is a syntax invented for React that looks very similar to (X)HTML. It allows you to create elements by writing in a familiar-looking syntax, instead of writing out function calls by hand. The HTML-like syntax actually compiles down to real JavaScript. 
## HTML Inside JavaScript
Before I even seriously looked into React, I knew it mixed HTML and JS, and I thought that was just ugly. I mean, that’s undoing years of best-practices thinking, right? Since the Dark Days of jQuery we’ve known that directly setting innerHTML on elements from within JS was hackish and performed badly – not to mention full of security holes – so why is React making those same mistakes all over again?
But... did you notice how there are no quotes around the “HTML”? That’s because it’s not a string. The lack of quotes is not just a trick, either. React is not parsing the tags and converting them into HTML.
I know, I know, it looks like HTML. In reality though, JSX is just a nice syntactic sugar over function calls that create DOM elements.
So what is React actually doing here? How does this work? And why isn’t it terrible?
JSX Is Compiled to JavaScript
The JSX elements you write are actually compiled down to JavaScript by a tool called Babel. Babel is a “transpiler,” a made-up word that means it transforms code into valid ES5 JavaScript that all browsers can understand. Each JSX element becomes a function call, where its arguments are its attributes
(“props”) and its contents (“children”).


Here is an example of a simple React component that returns some JSX:

```jsx
function Hello() {
return <span>Hello!</span>;
}
```

Here is the JavaScropt generated by the compiler:

```js
function Hello() {
return React.createElement(
    'span',
    {},
    'Hello!'
); }

```


See how JSX is essentially a nice shorthand for writing function calls? You don’t even have to use JSX if you don’t want to – you can write out these function calls manually.

React requires a unique key prop for each JSX element in an array.



###Capitalize Component Names
The components you write must begin with an uppercase letter. This means using names like UserList and Menu and SubmitButton, and not names like userList, menu, and submit_button.

In JSX, a component that starts with a lowercase letter is assumed to be a built-in HTML or SVG element (div, ul, rect, etc.).




Remember that JSX evaluates to JavaScript, which means the props become keys and values in an object.


So when you’re trying to decide what to put in a JSX expression, ask yourself, “Could I pass this as a function argument?”



